{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 i. What kind of value does the function getFirstVowel return?\
	\
a. getFirstValue returns an optional String value. \
\
ii. Of the three ways that you unwrapped the value of firstVowel, which do you feel was most appropriate for this situation, and why?\
	\
a. I feel like the \'91??\'92 method of unwrapping the value of firstValue was more appropriate because it guarantees a response no matter the name. If there happened to be no English vowel in the name provided, you could tell the user, \'93There are no English vowels in your name.\'94 The \'91if let\'92 method was great as well, and it did the same thing, but the \'91??\'92 was shorter and more efficient.  \
\
iii. This exercise assumes that you do, in fact, have a vowel (of the English language) in your name. What, if anything, would you need to change about the code if your name was \'93Bj\'f8rk\'94 or \'93Ghrftnx\'94?\
	\
a. You could add vowels like \'91\'f8\'92 in the following code: \'91let vowels: [Character] = [\'93\'f8\'94, \'93a\'94, \'93e\'94, \'93i\'94, \'93o\'94, \'93u\'94, \'93y\'94].\'92 You can put any vowel from any language in the characters list. If your name has no vowels in any language you can use a \'91if let\'92 or \'91??\'92 to give an alternate response of \'93There are no vowels in your name.\'94 }